"Once upon a time there were fewer others. Legends tell of a world, filled with groups of people. Some called them species, some: races. Humans, elves, gnomes and so many more. But those are foreign concepts to any Folk of our time. Something... changed. Something in the water, something in the air. And most certainly something in our bones. The world has changed and we with it. Now everyone is unique. Perhaps there are still people with long ears and an innate connection to nature, maybe there are stout, tunnel digging, bearded guys. But they are just Folk. Everyone is just.... Folk. Most of the times these appearances and abilities are only partially inherited, so even within one family it tends to be difficult to recognize patterns.

One might think this obvious showcase of randomness would bring everyone together. Create one Folk, unified even if everyone looks different. Or rather because of it. But Folk are not that. What is lacking in visual groupings is replaced by birthplace. Families and communities hold even stronger together in the face of an unknowable 'Other' outside of the village borders. Anyone stepping into these tightly knit groups, is met with distrust and sometimes open hostility. Afterall who are you to have left your home? Afterall is there a reason why you don't stay where you are from? Travelling comes with a large stigma. A fate to be always outside the places you visit, always be at the edge of society.

Of course villages *need* travellers. They need merchants to trade produce and unique objects. They need messengers to tell them news about other places. They need adventurers to deal with 'the rest'. Noone is happy about it, but these kinds of people *are* necessary. But necessary does not mean liked. Necessary does not mean welcome. Travellers do get a place to sleep regularly. They are welcome, but a kind of welcome that is rarely conected to openess. Those who travel through the wilds have to be treated carefully. They are able to deal with most what 'the rest' can throw at them. A normale Folk cannot match such a feat. But they are still from outside. They are unknown, not of our community. They are 'the others'." 